Add callouts to 1.13 docs to help users find search and actions docs (#1022)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform/v1.13.x/docs/cli/commands/plan.mdx

# `terraform plan` command

<Note>

> The beta release of Terraform 1.14 lets you trigger automations outside of Terraform with actions. Refer to the [Invoke an action](/terraform/language/v1.14.x/invoke-actions) beta documentation for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terraform `v1.14.x (beta)` adds the `-invoke` flag, which lets you trigger actions outside of Terraform CRUD operations. Refer to the [Invoke an action](/terraform/language/v1.14.x/invoke-actions) beta documentation for more information.
```
For consistency.
